- 아캠 자주 확인하기
	- 뭐 자주 올라올거임

딱히 일반적으로 정의하기는 힘들지만 general 한 개념 습득이 목표

Socratic Method - used by a lot of Law schools aboard.
-> One of the most general way to teach American law.
-> Minimizing traditional lectures.
	-> The guy who made it said that the traditional "lecture" method is 'treating students like childeren'
-> 토론, 질문, 의증, 등....

+Introduction to Americal Law
+US. Legal System
아캠에 교재 있음.

중간, 기말은 없고
3,4,5 월에 퀴즈있음.

Why US law?
Anglo-American law - 'common' law
Model Law - 델라웨어주 Corporation Law


---
3/28 4/25 5/30 -퀴즈

Culture
- Knowledge, belief, art, morals, ==law==, custom etc....
	- Any other capabilities and habits acquired by man
- critical aspect of ==legal== analysis (Cultural background 랑 불가결)

American Legal Culture
- Individualism
- Liberalism - System of society 
	- What does it mean? - uhh...freedom?
	- Freedom <--> Liberalism ?
	- More freedom, less power of the government
	- 
- Rights-centered
Too many lawyers in US
- Pros
	- Easy access to legal assistance or advice
	- better protection
- Cons
	- Litigation Explosion
	- Too expensive and costly business
Legal families
- ==Civil Law==(European Continental Law)
	- Made by academic scholars
	- Very systematic, academic, abstract.
	- But not very practical
- ==Common Law==(Anglo-American Law)
	- From England in the Middle Ages
	- 1/3 of the world's population
	- Countries that has been colonized by England(또영국)
	- Features
		- Case Law(판례법, "Judge-made-law")
			- The judges job is interpreting the law and applying them to the cases
			- then why it is calles "Judge made law"?
			- ***Case law is law created daily through the interaction of judges and lawyers in the courtrooms***
		- Jury System
		- Rule of Law
- Asian Law
- African Law
- Scandinavian Law
- Muslim or Islamic Law
- Hybrid or Mixed Law
<Democracy in America>
-Alexis de Tocqueville


The Rule of Law(법치주의)
- "The King has no prerogative but the law of the land allows him" (The King can't stand above the law)
- Law governs the government
- must be transparent and accessible to all
- law must be fair
Presidential privilege
- does not enjoy an absolute generalized privilege
The Federalist Papers
- The Judicial Branch(Court)
- "The least dangerous branch"
The Jury System
- Controversial

"The sleeping court"