### Freedom of the Press
- 출판의 자유

### Clear and Present Danger
- 명백하고 현존하는 위험이 있지 아니하고서야 FIrst Amendment를 거스를 수는 없다.
- ‘immediate lawless action test
	- 어떠한 발언 혹은 행위가 표현의 자유를 거스를 수 있는지 정의하는 test.
	- It protects a wide range of speech, including controversial or unpopular opinions, as long as they do not meet the criteria for incitement to immediate illegal activity.

### Freedom of Speech and Underlying Theories
- Checking the Government
	- Free speech serves as a check on governmental power by enabling criticism and accountability
- Saftey Valve for Society
	- Punishing people for speech does not discourage the speech; it only drives it underground and encourages conspiracy.
- Individual Self-Fulfillment
	- Freedom of speech is a fundamental aspect of individual autonomy and self-expression
- Marketplace of Ideas
	- Free and open discourse
	- Truth will emerge from te competition

### Hate Speech
- 보통은 허용되지만, 위법행위를 종용하는 발언은 제한되어 있다. Content 에 based 하여 제한할 수 없음.

### Due Process
- 공평한 재판을 받기 위해 나라에서 부여하는 권리
- A crucial concept of American Constitutional Law
- ==Fair and just legal proceedings==
- It involves the exercise of government powers in accordance with the law while ensuring recognized ==safeguards for the protection of individual rights.==

### Fourteenth Amendment to the U.S Constitution
- ~prohibiting them from depriving any person of ==life, liberty, or property without due process of law.==
- This amendment has been crucial in applying the principles of due process ==to state actions==, ensuring fairness and protection of individual rights at ==both federal and state levels.==
- Procedural due process
	- ==Prior notice== and ==hearing== opportunity & ==impartial== judges.
- Substantive due process
	- Allowing courts to protect certain fundamental rights from government interference, ==even if procedural protections are pressent.==

### The Law of Torts (불법행위법)
- Tort - Action taken with the intention of causing harm or with knowledge that harm is likley to occur.
- Definition
	- A civil wrong for which a remedy may be obtained usually in the form of damages
- Requirments
	- Intentional Torts(고의적 불법행위)
		- Intent + Volitinional Movement
		- Inaction + Causation
	- Negligence(과실)
		- Duty of Care
			- 의무
		- Breach of the Duty
			- 의무 위반
		- Damage
			- 상해
		- Causation
			- 원인 제공
	- Strict Liability(무과실)
		- 법적으로 주의해야 할 책임이 있는 측이 그 책임을 다하지 않았을 때
	- Controversial View
		- Unforeseeable Plaintiff
			- 원고가 피고인에 의해 해를 입었지만 그것이 해를 끼칠거라고 예측되지 않았을 때.
		 - Unforeseeable Damage/Risk
			 - 원고가 피고인에게 해를 입었지만 그것이 논리적으로 연결되는 상황이 아닐 때.
- Tort Reform
	- Changes in the civil justice system that aim to reduce the ability to file tort litigation or to reduce the amount of damages one can receive from such litigation.

### Pre-trial Discovery
- trial 하기 전에 여러 변수 예방하려고 미리 시행하는 제도.
- Interrogatories
	- set of written questions about the facts
- Dispositions
- Requests for Production
	- Documents
- Requests for Admission
	- other party admit the truth of certain facts
- Physical and Mental Examinations
	- When a party’s physical or mental condition is in dispute

### Jury's Verdict
- Directed Verdict
	- The verdict entered by the judge
- General Verdict
	- Guilty” or “Not Guilty”
- Special Verdict
	- Jurors are required to agree upon answers to a list of questions

### Class Action(집단 소송)
- The class must be so large that individual suits would be impracticable;

### Contingent Fee
- 성공보수
- ==Prohibitied in ==family law matters

### The Law of Contracts
- A contract is a legally enforceable agreement(or promise).
- UCC Article 2는 상품 (Goods)의 거래와 관련된 계약에만 적용  
#### The Mailbox Rule
- principle in contract law that determines when an offer is considered accepted and a contract is formed
	- The mailbox rule states that an acceptance of an offer becomes effective when it is dispatched (i.e., placed in the control of the postal service), rather than when it is received by the offeror
	- designed to provide clarity and fairness in contract formation by establishing a specific moment when acceptance occurs, thereby forming a binding contract.
#### Irrevocable Offer
- An offer that includes a promise to keep it open for a specified period, during which the offer cannot be withdrawn without the offeror’s becoming subject to liability for breach of contract.

#### Consideration
- refers to something of value that is exchanged between the parties to a contract. It is a fundamental element required for a contract to be legally enforceable. Consideration distinguishes contracts from mere promises or gifts, as it provides the necessary legal binding force to the agreement.
	- Monetary Payment
	- Service
	- Forbearance
	- Mutual Promises
- Exceptions to the Requirement of Consideration
	- Promissory Estoppel
		- allows a party to enforce a promise even in the absence of consideration if they have relied on the promise to their detriment.
	- Moral Obligation
		- Traditionally, contracts under seal (formal contracts) do not require consideration. The presence of a seal indicates that the parties intend to be bound by the contract.
	- Contracts Under Seal
		- Under certain circumstances, part payment of a debt can discharge the entire debt, even without additional consideration, particularly if the payment is made before the due date or involves some new consideration (such as goods or services).